Hey, guys, what's up?
This is American, and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Ruby and I have come back
with the advanced version of this calculator, but that is not that advanced, but a bit advanced.
And which instead of writing those two numbers in the brackets, what we have done here is that we have
taken those number as an input from the user.
So what you can do is that you can just write in votes and topos number and you can write an X equal
to gets.
So which mean that it is going to ask you for the value of X. Then you can write inputs into a second
number, then you can write in Y equal to get.
So it is also going to ask you for the value of Y, then you can write in position of two numbers.
And that is going to remain the very same.
The difference here is going to be that the value of X and Y are going to be stored whatever value you
are going to enter on your input.
So that are going to be passed in as an argument to the above function x, y, x, y, y.
Those are going to be read in O'Haire.
The sum subtraction, multiplication and division answers are going to be written over here, which
are going to be outputted on your screen and to run the score.
Do you know that you can just go on or Hill?
Your program is automatically going to load and you are going to just write in Ruby.
First file.
Not RB, you can just run the score and as you can see that it is asking for you for the first number,
you can just specify the second number, you can specify the second number.
You can run the Goda and it is going to give you the answers.
So this Dorian was only for those who might have encountered any kind of errors.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.